feat(Upload): add `download` prop to enable file downloads instead of opening in a new tab (#4213)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/components/upload/info.mdx

Once the Upload component mounts, it also adds support for dropping files to the entire browser body.

**NB:** When you have several mounted components, only the first Upload component will receive the dropped files.

## The `download` property

> Each file item displays as a clickable link with its original file name, which opens the file source in a new browser tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each file item is displayed as a clickable link with its original file name, which opens the file source in a new browser tab.
```

> In some situations, it's more suitable to have each link download the file instead of opening it in the browser. To achieve this, set the `download={true}` property on the Upload component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some situations, it's more suitable to have each link download the file instead of opening it in a new browser tab. To achieve this, set the `download={true}` property on the Upload component.
```
